hi everyone it's Anna and today i will
be showing you part 3 of my doll house
tour now before it gets started I want
to say I'm so sorry for the long wait
between part 2 and this part so I'm
really sorry about that so let's get
started now on this closet right here
that I'm pointing to that closet is the
spring and summer closet and it includes
dresses now this closet that I'm
pointing to is the fall and winter
closet and also in that class that we
have the pajamas so let's get started
with the spring and summer closet so on
the outside of the closets we have these
really cute pink knobs and then we have
some magnets so it'll stay closed so on
this side we have a lot of the dresses
like the school dress flower dress and
so we have like Christmas dresses also
go in here cuz they're still dresses and
then and then we have a bin that has a
bunch of shoes that go with the dresses
then we have a couple I think we have
three party hats and we have like a
balloon that says american girl on then
on the wall we have two American Girl
bags and a Girl Scout sash that's
Emily's and then we have two American
Girl boxes like for many dolls and then
we have the volleyball shirt cuz yeah
and then on the top we have two pair
then we have like a pair of shoes so
yeah that's the dress side so on this
side of the closet we have like the
shirts and skirts and shorts so like we
have cheerleading lots of swimsuits a
lot of pink shirts
then we have jackets that go with all
these outfits so yeah we just have
jackets more clothing and then we have
um a hat then we have volleyball
basketball and cheerleading pom poms
then we have this shelving thing that
has food that goes some outfits um
sneakers / running shoes um and this one
if i can get it open okay i got it open
we have lots of flats and like sandals
okay yeah and then behind it we have
purses yay persons with you then on the
door we have an American girl back Amy's
Girl Scout sash a cupcake poster a
cheerleading award and then we have a
little hook that's holding some on a
necklace and like a scarf so next to the
spring and summer closet is I think it's
like a storage room or like an attic I
don't know but I call it the storage
room so let's get started like we have a
cork board with some post-it notes a
picture frame with Rebecca some folders
and um award then we have a tack that
holds like sages necklaces McKenna's
necklace and then like a Halloween
necklace so it basically holds a lot of
the American girl jewelry then on the
wall we have Ivy's hat that came with
ivs accessories two more American Girl
bags this went the tune want swim
accessories I think they're retired from
american girl i am not quite sure then
we have a jump rope that Bethany made
for me then we have a little rug I guess
with
my snow glow like a box with the snow
globe and then like a nutcracker some
more snow globes and I like nutcracker
tickets back there then we have to pet a
photoset that is retired from the
American Girl and it came with this the
camera the stool and came with some
screens actually you stay in a stop
motion and then we have a calendar and
then on it we have a coconut sticker and
then another coconut sticker then we
have the American Girl suitcase I don't
know if this is retired but I think it
is so yeah and then we have a box that
acute the charms that come with outfits
so this was the egg now let's go on to
the fall and winter closet this is the
fall and winter closet on this side we
have winter clothes and then on this
side we have fall so let's start with
the winter so we mostly have a bunch of
sweaters and then we have my dolls
pajamas and then we have jackets and
then back here we have a bunch of like
boots and stuff and then in here this is
where I keep my dull socks I've we have
these boot socks that i crocheted and
then we just have some doll socks with
some gloves and in this bin we have
scarves i crocheted up um these two
scarves then I have some that I made and
this one Bethany made for me so that
holds all the scarfs and socks and like
gloves and then on the door we have a
coconut poster and coconut certificate a
girl-scout thing and a little thing that
holds some necklaces and bracelets then
on the fall side we have all the fall
clothing and then we have the halloween
costumes at the back then back here
we have all the shoes then in here we
have the hats then on the wall we have a
purse a charm keeper necklace and then
all the doll watches that I have then we
have an American Girl bag
flying pig hat